please please Isabel she is the most
despicable woman I have ever met in my
life I have never been so repulsed by
someone mentally and so attracted to
them physically at the same time it's
like my brain is facing my penis in a
chess game and I'm letting them win not
let them win he wins till you're 40 then
1 he still wins but it's not a blowout
she wants to be an actress she makes me
read these moronic acting scenes with
her and I do it because I'm so addicted
to the sex I'm helpless I'll do anything
so finally Kramer comes in the other day
Craver I don't want to see this woman
anymore but I haven't got the willpower
to throw out her number please help me
I'm proud of you so I'm never gonna see
her again I'm going cold turkey good for
you I'll tell you the sex it was like an
atom maybe was just completely
uninhibited it's like going to the
bathroom in front of a lot of people and
not caring
it's not like that at all Oh
Kramer seriously give me your number I
don't have it I threw it out your line
you got the night coat I pull it out
give it to me
yeah told me not to give it to you made
me promise well I changed my mind I want
that number you said no matter what you
do or say I'm not to give you the
numbers line give it to me oh you told
me not to I want the number yeah yeah
yeah
looking shit look at what you some to
look at what you've become look in the
mirror cuz you need help cherry you need
help because I can't stand by and do it
anymore
it's turning my stomach I can't stand
around here watching you destroy
yourself it's anything son
ever since she came back from the Army's
you've changed
I swear Nelson I don't even know who you
are anymore
Nelson that's not the line Jerry
alright alright I'm sorry nothing's
changed Alma I just need more time I'll
swear Nelson sometimes enough when
you're not around
I just go crazy thinking about you why I
just need to relax maybe a hobby bowling
is fun always good if you're really
gross and ugly uh-oh my organs are
playing chess again well I'm getting a
little tired of this what do you say we
play one for all the marbles
Oh brain what are you doing you cannot
beat me do you have any idea who you're
dealing with
forget about it I can't take you anymore
I hate reading her stupid and acting
scenes oh so what so you read from a
little play you can't put up with that
burnout would it make me happy you're so
selfish give me one hour then I will
take over you will not have to think for
the rest of the night what about
tomorrow morning do you have any idea
what that's like for me do you care no
you don't care so long as you get to do
whatever it is you do disgust me oh go
read a book
I love chapter let's play
what's the matter fella you look a
little tired
hahaha nasan don't you say you are a
part of me Anna I am a part of you it's
killing me
that's your move
yeah well that's trouble my friend
that's big trouble
checkmate getting weak losing my heart
you haven't seen the last of me I'll be
back
you're nothing without me nothing Punk
Isabelle uh I don't think this is
working